Support Smallrye Config property expression expansion for @RolesAllowed value (#29935)
quarkusio/quarkus: docs/src/main/asciidoc/security-authorization-of-web-endpoints-reference.adoc

        String name = user != null ? user.getName() : "anonymous";
        return name;
    }

    @GET
    @Path("config-property-expressions")
    @RolesAllowed("${admin}") <6>
    public String getSubjectSecuredConfigExpression(@Context SecurityContext sec) {
        Principal user = sec.getUserPrincipal();
        String name = user != null ? user.getName() : "anonymous";
        return name;
    }
}
----
<1> This `/subject/secured` endpoint requires an authenticated user that has been granted the role "Tester" through the use of the `@RolesAllowed("Tester")` annotation.
<2> The endpoint obtains the user principal from the JAX-RS `SecurityContext`. This will be non-null for a secured endpoint.
<3> The `/subject/unsecured` endpoint allows for unauthenticated access by specifying the `@PermitAll` annotation.
<4> This call to obtain the user principal will return null if the caller is unauthenticated, non-null if the caller is authenticated.
<5> The `/subject/denied` endpoint disallows any access regardless of whether the call is authenticated by specifying the `@DenyAll` annotation.

> <6> The `@RolesAllowed` annotation value supports <<config-reference#property-expressions,Property Expressions>> including default values and nested Property Expressions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<6> The `@RolesAllowed` annotation value is set to the value of the `admin` configuration property, see <<config-reference#property-expressions,Property Expressions>> for more information.
```

Reviewer: I believe in this example, it has to be a concrete piece of info, can make sense IMHO to have a separate dedicated section with a  more technical overview

Author: I agree with dedicated section, just wan't sure it's important enough. I'll write something.

Author: I completely re-wrote that, let see please and thank you.

CAUTION: Please refer to the xref:security-built-in-authentication-support-concept.adoc#proactive-authentication[Proactive Authentication] section of the Built-In Authentication Support guide if you plan to use standard security annotations on IO thread.

The `@RolesAllowed` annotation value supports <<config-reference#property-expressions,Property Expressions>> including default values and nested Property Expressions.

> Configuration properties used with the annotation are resolved at runtime and supports configuration profiles.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Configuration properties used with the annotation are resolved at runtime.
```

Reviewer: I thought the note about configuration profile does not clarify the message that these properties are resolved at runtime - the profiles are part of the Config system

Author: Looking at it now, I think examples below with 2 configuration profiles are enough. I removed the note, thank you.
